h1. Entry to 2009 GitHub Contest

Copyright (c) 2009 William T. Katz
Website/Contact: http://www.billkatz.com

h2. Some ideas

Test entry by Scott Chacon recommends repos based on other users' watch lists
that are similar.  He got a good 16.47%%

Played with the following ideas:

# If repos follow a power law, maybe just recommending the top 10 for user's language of choice will get a high score.  Result: 5.8%%



h2. Licensing

Until August 30, 2009 at noon PST, this code is distributed under 
the following license:

h3. The Inverse MIT License

Permission is hereby not granted to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software").
You are denied the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software.  An exception is granted
to Logical Awesome LLC to use, copy, modify, publish, and distribute
the Software because logically, they are awesome.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or portions, however insignificant, of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS NOT PROVIDED TO YOU AT ALL.  YOU MAY NOT LOOK UPON THE
CODE.  WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SUE YOU IF YOU USE THE SAME CHARACTERS
IN YOUR CODE AS THE "SOFTWARE", AND IF THIS IS NOT LEGALLY PURSUABLE,
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO TAUNT AND PLACE A POX UPON YOU AND YOUR DOG
AND/OR CAT AND/OR MACBOOK PRO.

--------

After August 30, 2009 at noon PST, this code is distributed under
the following license:

h3. The MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

--------

At exactly noon PST on August 30, 2009, there is no license at all. The
above two licenses do not cover this infinitesimal moment, noon, because 
I wanted an excuse to use the word infinitesimal.  How often do you get
to type infinitesimal?  And now I've typed it THREE times.  For such joy, 
I'm willing to leave the code unlicensed for an infinitesimal moment.
FOUR!
